feat: add automatic reporting of handled errors (#4604)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

Without this flag, profiles for short-lived Resque jobs will not be available as Resque kills worker processes before they have a chance to submit this information.

### Error Tracking

`datadog` can automatically report handled errors. The errors are attached through span events to the span in which they are handled. They are also directly reported to Error Tracking.

#### Requirements

- Ruby 2.6+. JRuby and TruffleRuby are not supported.
- datadog 2.16.0+.

#### Configuration

> To enable automatic reporting of handled errors, one of the two environement variables must be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable automatic reporting of handled errors, one of the following two environment variables must be set:
```

Author: addressed in 6d7518177cee5d42dd37335629e76cd5a381205e

> - `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS` = `user|third_party|all`. Report handled errors of user code, gems or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS` = `user|third_party|all`. Report handled errors from user code, gems, or both.
```

> - `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` = `file, gems, path..`. A list of comma-separated paths, file names

Reviewer 2: Please document the default value of these environment variables, so users know at glance what to expect.

Author: addressed in 6d7518177cee5d42dd37335629e76cd5a381205e

> - `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` = `file, gems, path..`. A list of comma-separated paths, file names
> and gem names for which handled errors will be reported.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` = `file, gems, path..`. A list of comma-separated paths, file names,
and gem names for which handled errors will be reported.  
```

Author: addressed in 6d7518177cee5d42dd37335629e76cd5a381205e

> - `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` = `file, gems, path..`. A list of comma-separated paths, file names
> and gem names for which handled errors will be reported.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` = `file, gems, path..`. A list of comma-separated paths, file names,
and gem names for which handled errors will be reported.
For Ruby 3.3 or newer, the location where the error was raised and where it was rescued will be matched. For earlier versions of Ruby, only the location where the error was raised can be matched.
```

Author: addressed in 6d7518177cee5d42dd37335629e76cd5a381205e

> The value provided should be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value should be either:
```

Author: addressed in 6d7518177cee5d42dd37335629e76cd5a381205e

>   * A file name, for instance `main`: `main.rb` will be instrumented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A file name, such as `main`: `main.rb` will be instrumented.
```

>   * A folder name, for instance `mypackage`: every ruby files in folders called `mypackage` will be instrumented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A folder name, such as `mypackage`: Every Ruby file in folders named `mypackage` will be instrumented.
```

Author: addressed in 6d7518177cee5d42dd37335629e76cd5a381205e

>   * A gem name: every ruby files of this gem will be instrumented. Be careful, if you specify for instance `rails` and you have a subfolder `rails` in your project, it will also be instrumented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A gem name: Every Ruby file in the gem will be instrumented. Be careful, if you specify, for instance `rails` and you have a subfolder named `rails` in your project, it will also be instrumented.
```

Author: addressed in 6d7518177cee5d42dd37335629e76cd5a381205e

>   * An absolute path (a path beginning with `/`) For example: `/app/lib/mypackage/main.rb`. If you provide just `/app/lib/mypackage`, every ruby files in the folder will be instrumented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * An absolute path (a path beginning with `/`), for example, `/app/lib/mypackage/main.rb`. If you provide only `/app/lib/mypackage`, every Ruby file in that folder will be instrumented.
```

Author: addressed in 6d7518177cee5d42dd37335629e76cd5a381205e

>   * A path relative to the current directory (a path beginning with `./`). For example, if you execute your program in `/app/`, you can provide `./lib/mypackage/main.rb`. If you provide a path like `./lib/mypackage/`, every ruby files in this folder will be instrumented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A path relative to the current directory (a path beginning with `./`). For example, if you execute your program in `/app/`, you can provide `./lib/mypackage/main.rb`. If you provide a path like `./lib/mypackage/`, every Ruby file in this folder will be instrumented.
```

Author: addressed in 6d7518177cee5d42dd37335629e76cd5a381205e

> **Important**: In Ruby3.2 and before, `datadog` can only get the location of where the error was thrown and not where it is handled. This can cause the second environment variable to malfunction if the error is handled in another file than the one specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important**:  In Ruby 3.2 and earlier, `datadog` can only capture the location where the error is thrown, not where it is handled. This may cause the second environment variable to malfunction if the error is handled in a different file than the one specified.
```

> **Important**: In Ruby3.2 and before, `datadog` can only get the location of where the error was thrown and not where it is handled. This can cause the second environment variable to malfunction if the error is handled in another file than the one specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I think it's simpler to list this limitation in the description of `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` itself.

Without this flag, profiles for short-lived Resque jobs will not be available as Resque kills worker processes before they have a chance to submit this information.

### Error Tracking

`datadog` can automatically report handled errors. The errors are attached through span events to the span in which they are handled. They are also directly reported to Error Tracking.

#### Requirements

- Ruby 2.6+. JRuby and TruffleRuby are not supported.
- datadog 2.16.0+.

#### Configuration

You can enable automatic reporting of handled errors using the following environment variables:

| Environment variable | Type | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|---|

> | `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS` | `String` | Report handled errors from user code, gems, or both. Accepted values are: `user,third_party,all`. | `nil` |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS` | `String` | Report handled errors from user code, third-party gems, or both. Accepted values are: `user,third_party,all`. | `nil` |
```

Author: 4ba22eef203551988c84b671db9fd1f5c75384a1

| `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` | `Array[String]` | A list of comma-separated paths, file names, and gem names for which handled errors will be reported. Possible values are specified below. <br/> For Ruby 3.3 or newer, the location where the error was raised and where it was rescued will be matched. For earlier versions of Ruby, only the location where the error was raised can be matched.  | `[]` |

Alternatively, you can set error tracking parameters in code with these functions, inside a `Datadog.configure` block:

| Environment variable | Type | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|---|

> | `c.error_tracking.handled_errors` | `String` | Report handled errors from user code, gems, or both. Accepted values are: `user,third_party,all`. | `nil` |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `c.error_tracking.handled_errors` | `String` | Report handled errors from user code, third-party gems, or both. Accepted values are: `user,third_party,all`. | `nil` |
```

Author: addressed in 4ba22eef203551988c84b671db9fd1f5c75384a1
